Add documentation for ppd/ De Bruijn offset command (#155)
rizinorg/book: src/basic_commands/print_modes.md

the configuration variable `scr.gadgets` to be turned on.

See `pg?` for more information.

### Print Patterns

The `pp` command group generates deterministic patterns that are handy for fuzzing, debugging, and exploit development.

```
[0x00000000]> pp?
Usage: pp[?]   # Print patterns
| pp[ad] [len]   # Print different patterns
| ppd <len>      # Print De Bruijn pattern of length <len>
| ppd/<value>    # Show the offset of <value> in the default De Bruijn pattern (honors cfg.bigendian)
```

#### De Bruijn patterns

De Bruijn sequences are cyclic patterns in which every substring of the chosen width appears exactly once. They’re perfect for recovering overwrite offsets after a crash.

**Generate a pattern**

```
[0x00000000]> ppd 100
AABAACAADAAEAAFAAGAAHAAIAAJAAKAALAAMAANAAOAAPAAQAARAASAATAAUAAVAAWAAXAAYAAZAAaAAbAAcAAdAAeAAfAAgAAh
```

**Locate an observed value**

> Use `ppd/<value>` to look up where a value appears in the default pattern. This is the fastest way to translate a register/memory capture back into an offset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `ppd/ <value>` to look up where a value appears in the De Bruijn pattern. This is the fastest way to translate a register/memory capture back into an offset.
The value is a sequence of ASCII bytes. In the example below it searches for "AWAA".
```

```
[0x00000000]> e cfg.bigendian=false
[0x00000000]> ppd/ 0x41574141
64
```

The command respects `cfg.bigendian`, so flip it if your target is big-endian:

```
[0x00000000]> e cfg.bigendian=true
[0x00000000]> ppd/ 0x41574141
65
```

**Writing the pattern**

If you prefer to inject the pattern directly, `wD <len>` writes the same data at the current seek, and `wD/<value>` mirrors the lookup behavior:

```
[0x00000000]> wD 100        # Write 100 bytes of the pattern
[0x00000000]> wD/ 0x41574141
64
```

> (See [Writing Data](write.md#writing-data) for more on `wD`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Writing Data](write.md#writing-data) for more on `wD`.
```
